Going through training manual: Fixing incorrect inline tags (Part 5) (#10393)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/training_manual/processing/john_snow.rst

Although the number of lines is larger in the case of the central pump, do not forget that this does not represent the number of deaths, but the number of locations where cholera cases were found. It is a representative parameter, but it is not considering that some locations might have more cases than other.

> A density layer will also give us a very clear view of what is happening. We can create it with the :guilabel:`Kernel density` algorithm. Using the ``Cholera_deaths`` layer, its ``COUNT`` field as weight field, with a radius of 100, the extent and cellsize of the streets raster layer, we get something like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A density layer will also give us a very clear view of what is happening. We can create it with the :guilabel:`Heatmap (Kernel density estimation)` algorithm. Using the ``Cholera_deaths`` layer, its ``COUNT`` field as weight field, with a radius of 100, the extent and cell size of the streets raster layer, we get something like this.
```
